always on Sundays it goes to around
the rope road when the youth player
in a red and white jersey run up and
Parents and diehard fans at the
it's exactly the same with the page line
at the first team at goal points
and often rivalries but that
not only happens on one of the
four places instead
even apart from there is a lot to
Doing besides the sponsors are committed
many helping hands especially
honorary we youth obmann
harald bründermann can tell
it all stands and falls with this
new we have partial people the
have their own company they strive
Here are the u17 area which are in the u19
area and work here as if obsessed
around the teams right
auszustaffieren who are really there
the discipline is the cause of the worries
with the trainers reasonably correct
work up professionally and if that
It would not be the helper and also
not to lift here
and who knows if you are in our u12
maybe from the next mölders
stoppelkamp or ozil at the start of his
can watch career are encountered
breimann zwiesel but not only on the
offspring but also on former
players today for the club
are active
the red-white youth work but still out
previous times and personal experience
knows there are already some years as
In 1972, even more than that in the youth and
I do not believe that at all
compare more
really done so much just what that
education and if you are in the
reason with the house of our time
compare everything wrong in the
today's time
from that I think that the boys already
really a really great education
enjoy here with us and yes
Of course, also looks at the s.der
development of the individual players yes that
is ultimately something to bring
and
are always excited if you have such a
development of our players the and
that 's why I think we' re standing on the
right way
and that this is the right way
you do not just look at the current one
results of youth teams
but also at the general
development
which in other junior departments only
is available for a team
Must go to three mans meadow though for all
But teams are enough for motivation
teamwork and above all the good mood
can not be compensated so much
always in the summer road is actually
always good if you have a good topic here
all functional themes speak all
trainer careers athletics trainer
Physiotherapists understand themselves relatively
good as a team also as a
that we as the whole
junior department work together
currently the mood is over
a bit better
both our little ones and boys
We enjoy ourselves so much
also our ours 17 and 19 16 15
who are really in the league like that
we imagine that so we big
hope that in the end person too
that we through the beautiful graduation
can do
and if the u19 is the highest
age group continues to do so well
This should be nothing in the beats
if there is not the bland way
tasteschmack that would be the
high-class competition clubs out
the region's eyes are young
keep talents open and enjoy themselves
the outstanding red and white
junior work serve what also the
regular visitors to the
sunny on waves especially at
The A youth who currently have
scary good players
where I am firmly convinced that the
sometimes in the first team
occur unless they will be back
taken away from the well-known clubs in the
for yourself
Anyway, some faces are off
The b youth should definitely be
sometimes more
and if the goal is to breilmanns meadow
a dfb the censored
to realize a young talent center
is reached it is the club
Much easier are the boys
Talents also in the long term to the club
tie and get into the first team too
integrate